hi I'm Kevin Hart and I'm at helm check
out this sneak peek of our new movie
DreamWorks Captain Underpants it's the
story of a superhero I picked that back
because he's barely a superhero he's
absolutely a superhero captain under bad
he doesn't have x-ray vision he came to
climb a tree wearing a cape there's not
make him a superhero yes it does
I'm not gonna argue with you why don't
you guys decide for yourselves by
watching the sneak peek of DreamWorks
Captain Underpants the superhero from an
extreme total supinate automatic what
happening right now
I don't know let's try and leave and see
what happens
wow what an expensive door in the studio
that brought you Shrek Kung Fu Panda and
Madagascar hi I'm very big miss my best
friend Harold huh we just make comics
and try to make each other laugh and
this old guy is mr. crup Josh he's the
worst people in the world ever since you
attended at school you've been
responsible for one prank after another
some of those must have been really hard
to pull off like that tiger that tiger
was crazy
ah I told you I would get you one day
I'm going to have you two place it's a
classic we're going to annihilate the
friendship what's the pin down mr. crup
or will hypnotize you
slap my fingers you will obey every
command
[Music]
I'll see that they go ahead did summer
come sidekick thank you vehicle person
Oh
which probably will get them their
greatest created Captain Underpants you
can't actually fly I think for the guy
like an awesome Wow is super dumb news
now yeah baby problem
[Music]
based on the worldwide phenomenon hiya
class I'm your new teacher not some
hairy guy with a secret evil agenda guys
I totally got this yeah totally he's got
it
Kevin Hart Ed Helms Thomas Middleditch
NIT call
when it's cut all together like that you
really get a sense of the scope
DreamWorks Captain Underpants
oh so you're trapped in some sort of
invisible box like prison is it okay
that I'm kind of loving this yes enough
I will set you free
Oh mostly yes